## 2018-04-13 User Feedback Team Meeting

## Time
Friday, 2018-04-13 at 17:00 UTC / noon ET / 11am CT / 9am PT
## Links
* Minutes Doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1909UvdMuMJqFb0ONmbCGGjEcyfdpx8Vx7g-L9Aedq4Y/edit#heading=h.1j34aho53zzc 
* Previous Minutes Doc: https://github.com/nodejs/user-feedback/blob/master/meetings/2018-03-30.md (public session)
* **Recording:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdRfgNs313Q&t=46s 
* Issue [#46](https://github.com/nodejs/user-feedback/issues/46) in User Feedback repo
* Calling for next meeting: [Public Enterprise Use Case](https://github.com/nodejs/user-feedback/issues/52)
* Capture the public user process [#53](https://github.com/nodejs/user-feedback/issues/53)

## Agenda
* Extracted from neuf-agenda labelled issues and pull requests from the user-feedback repo prior to the meeting.
* Intro / Attendance
* Plan Enterprise User Feedback session
* Decide on next steps for Enterprise Advisory Group (ref: #18)
* TBD
* Closing Thoughts

## Invited
* Dan Shaw (@dshaw - User Feedback Champion, Mentorship Member, CommComm Member)
* Mihai Ene-Pietrosanu (@mihaiep, User Feedback Member)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson, TSC Chair, CommComm, User Feedback Member)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb - CommComm Chair, User Feedback Member)
* Christopher Hiller (@boneskull - Mocha Maintainer, User Feedback Reviewer)
* Mike Hostetler (@mikehostetler - User Feedback)
* William Kapke (@williamkapke - Individual Membership Director, CommComm, User Feedback)
* Shawn Preissner (@shawnpreissner - Node.js Foundation / Linux Foundation)
## Present
* Dan Shaw (@dshaw - User Feedback Champion, Mentorship Member, CommComm Member)
* Mihai Ene-Pietrosanu (@mihaiep, User Feedback Member)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson, TSC Chair, CommComm, User Feedback Member)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb - CommComm Chair, User Feedback Member)
* Christopher Hiller (@boneskull - Mocha Maintainer, User Feedback Reviewer)

## Notes:
* Got the next 50 meetings until Feb 2020 into Zoom. Thank you, Tierney.
* Intro by Dan Shaw: enterprise users: we are scheduled to have a public feedback forum.
* Tierney: Is this going to be a user feedback initiative or enterprise advisory thing?
* Dan: My intention is to invite everybody in the enterprise advisory group to participate in an end-user session. 
  The reason being is this model is working (user feedback initiative), and enterprise advisory group hasn’t had the
  name of championing and the right forum.
* Michael: I think it clarifies our story too, if we have the user feedback program and a number of different groups 
   under the same program, it’s easier to explain to other people what’s going on. The core user feedback team doesn’t 
   always have to facilitate and enable the groups where we’re getting feedback; I could still see those teams, 
   the tooling group is a good example, if they form their own group and direction, in fact they have somebody who’s leading
   they form a different group, they’ll become self-sustaining if we’re successful.  
* Tierney: I see as a successful approach for multiple type of groups. I would like to ask how we go about 
  enterprise advisory working group repo and the proposal from there?
* Michael: I think that shouldn’t be one of the goals of this upcoming meeting is to say does that just get closed because
  it’s replaced with this effort or not. Does it make sense Dan?
* Dan: It does, this leads to potentially our first private session item – we may want to ask folks that are attending 
  in the enterprise advisory group to stay on for another half an hour or so to drive this to a decision/build consensus?
* Mihai: Because we landed here we need to be aware of the time. As organizers from the beginning, if the people in 
  the meeting are more than 10, we need to tell the people we need an extension of the meeting.
* Dan: I’ve have a proposal to try to keep our discussion questions that we go through as limited as possible. 
  We got feedback in our last session where they’re happy about the session, but they were frustrated that we didn’t get
  all of the   topics, so one way to solve that is to aggressively reduce the topics.
* Tierney: Timeboxing and having people let themselves rather than going through everyone, it’s probably a good way to do that.
  Just because having self-selection, people might be more have more to say on one thing/one specific topic than another
  and those we want definitely make sure we’re hearing the people have something that they really want to passionately, 
  or a little bit of comment   … like people feel obligated to say something, when we’re going to everyone.
  My impression several people felt obligated to have some statement and they didn’t necessarily have one 
  that they were passionate about, but they felt obligated to fill that time. 
  My concern is making sure we cover all the subjects and making sure we get the people and hear everyone’s opinions
  on the things  they’re passionate about the things they care about most.
* Dan: The counterpoint to that journey is you often will get the most aggressive voices and my worry is folks may not 
  be familiar, we’ve raising hands we got a couple of things that we could model; we need to hear the under heard 
  voices that you’ll really kick off some of the most interesting discussions.
* Tierney: Having a big group there are a lot of people of strong opinions and if it’s a very technical issue and the way
  Miles has been driving is through the raised hand functionality and seem to be effective because it allow people to kind 
  of raise hand while passively and they can choose whether they want to speak or not when they’re selected the hard part 
  seems to be moderating it mediating it rather and making sure you’re hitting all.
* Michael: If we don’t have actual enough time to hear from everybody we’re not going to hear from some people so we could 
  ask people to raise hands and if that works out, great, if it doesn’t it’s reasonable for Dan to try and pull out
  some of the people who aren’t talking, the flipside might be we just don’t plan to go through everybody so for one you 
  pull out a few people and on the next question you fill out you pull out a few of the other people who haven’t talked.
* Dan: How do folks feel about me combining that everybody introduced themselves together with “you describe your use case”?
  only one time
* Michael: It makes sense, the use case is part of the context of while they’re participating.
* Tierney: I think this is something like we should codify into a document even if it’s just a few bullet points like 
  start as bare-bones minimal as possible just to have this down something as we can point to I can probably pull this together 
  from Mihai’s notes , but codifying something into document so we can have this as a reference, 
  for the next one and the future group.
* Mihai: Sound like we need to update the readme file then.
* Tierney: Have a different file and we can link it from Readme
* Michael: I figure it should be in a different document somewhere under docs I the repo.
* Dan: Plus, one, agree. We can link off our readme for folks that are interested in the workings.
  One thing we haven’t done yet in any of our sessions is sort of communicate back having some Comm-Comm or TSC messaging,
  there is an interesting opportunity and something that this group could be interesting in hearing if we think we can 
  fit in terms of time, the work of Diagnostics WG in the diagnostic summit and the prioritization of those efforts are points
  of interest for enterprise users, do we want to fit in some feedback back out into the session or should we reserve t
  hat for a  subsequent follow-up?
* Michael: I’d love to get that feedback, I don’t know if it’ll fit in. By the time you go around by the table with 
  the first part you’re already going to ask people that stick around afterwards as well; I think what we need to do we’ve got
  to start scheduling the next meetings for each of these groups so I could say “ok, maybe we don’t have enough time in 
  this first one but let’s schedule the next one 3-4 weeks out and that’s the focus of that one.
  We’ve met what are the concrete actions and I think having gotten through the first meeting where they’re sort of 
  getting to know each other, the second one would be “what do we want to try and accomplish, let’s make some concrete things”,
  and in the enterprise one of the suggestions could be well let’s look at the diagnostic side and we believe that’s something
  important to the enterprise use case, we would like to validate that, get some feedback.
* Dan: One of the outputs should be: when we could potentially reconvene that group. Calling for participating     https://github.com/nodejs/user-feedback/issues/52 , I’m generally inclined to not limit numbers just to make
  the invite as broad as possible and adapt from there.
* Dan: Tooling and general User feedback.
* Michael: We had a great first meeting (tooling) and what is the most important thing to move forward on and we can
  identify a couple together and then try and assign actions to different people to take the next steps are?
* Tierney: Those next steps are good way for us to prioritize what other working groups and teams need to get involved?
  Like Diagnostics   important to the enterprise or modules.
* Dan: How do we keep that context over months, unless we go to a more frequent schedule, do we need to begin to capture 
  some of those interest areas for these groups into document where we’re keeping a public record and beginning to navigate
  some of those key points?
* Michael: Good idea, if we can make a concrete enough that says here is an issue which is like these are the 
  next actions or next important things for this group. Something outside the issue for the meeting starts build for each group
  a set of one or more issues that are here the things that we’re trying to push forward.
* Tierney: We had a tool a running minutes talk, where every week we would just add more things to it so it effectively be like
  a living log.
* Dan: An ongoing log where we over captured what questions we got, what actions we came out of and followed the log and what 
  we wanted next. That would go a long way not only facilitating what we’re playing in the future but being good record 
  of what we’ve accomplished-currently lives in issues and minutes but doesn’t have a real path to living history.
* Tierney: I think we could do that in a directory in the repo, have something we can point people to.
* Michael: Have like a groups directory and have an entry for each of the groups.
* Tierney: Having a naming structure like tooling log. Md file enterprise log.md file, a description on top and link 
  from Readme.md
* Michael: wiki features in github repo so we can potentially use?
* Dan: In terms of permanence and editing empowering a markdown file is probably the most permanent, most accessible thing
  that I can think of (issue#53 https://github.com/nodejs/user-feedback/issues/53)
* Tooling: Michael: We should have a tooling session after enterprise ,general meet (May 11)and then tooling meeting (May 25)
* Distribution: Michael: Distributions is broader than what I was trying to form this group, I’ve been working
  with @yhwang on support for shared libraries within node and I feel that being able to embed node into your applications
  is an important use case, people like Electron we’re getting to the point where we’ll have that in the CIS at least to 
  a limit extent where is just testing like the core node tests and the next major thing is to really start testing the 
  use cases where you’ve done the embedding and they’re a little bit different because you want those that core 
  functionality to work but there’s also tests there’s also use cases that are specific to having embedded it 
  how to start scripts, how do you communicate between the rest of your application and the node runtime.
  It will be great if we get some people interested and involved in defining what those use cases are. 
  So what I’m hoping is find interest in a group of people who or who want to come together to sort of document 
  those use cases and use that to drive requirements.  
* Chris: Create issue/PR regarding second tooling session (Dan will help)

## Upcoming Meetings
* The next meeting is scheduled for Friday, 2018-04-27 at 17:00 UTC / noon ET / 11am CT / 9am PT.
* Node.js Foundation Calendar: https://nodejs.org/calendar
* Click +GoogleCalendar at the bottom right to add to your own calendar.


